Not a lot of people consider mental health as a serious threat.
Most of them wouldn't talk about it as it's mostly not comfortable to talk about it or it's taken in a funny way(mockery).
So we were thinking of ways to eradicate mental health issues from a young age as there'll be a lot of consequences when they grow up, they should grow up in a healthy env.
And to get them talking about the things running on their heads, we need to tell them that it's alright and it's something they should talk about.


We would categorise the target population based on their ages.
let's say, ages : 6 and below - we would need to talk to the parents and educate them
and, 7-13 : we have a bunch of fixes
13+ : they would mostly deal with cyber bullying and that is something that they should talk about, when they find like minded people, they would feel better about themselves and feel free to talk about.

few fixes would be : 
1. Providing them with art and appliances, where they can paint/draw about anything that's running on their minds, coloring books.
2. Talking to them about self care and emphasizing on how important it is.
3. Taking random strolls out in the parks (nature walks)
4. Planting trees and samplings. Brings a lot of calmness and patience and it's a good deed.
5. Baking/ Cooking activities which will divert their minds.
6. Taking them out to pet cafes where they can play with pets and be friends with pets.
7. Team/ Group activities like writing positive notes together.
8. Reading stories and novels, relating them to real life.
9. Yoga/Exercise hours.

About Cyber bullying, it should be taught to the kids that they should utilize their time on the mobile for better things like learning a language, playing interesting games, etc.
And if in case something happens they should be able to tell an adult/guardian/friend/relative without any fear and be able to face it rather than hiding it and facing mental issues.
By setting a time limit for every social media app they use.


Technological support we would want to offer :
Design a schedule for the kids to follow based on different age groups. Inculcate onto their existing website.
Chatbots installed on their systems so they can find like minded people to talk about stuff and all the above mentioned activities categorized properly on the site.
Hosting events to spread awareness regarding mental health and other issues.
